Tony Kaizen:
So the first question for you is if you had to listen to
three albums for the rest of your life, and only three,
which albums would they be?
Kascha:
Oooh, that's a hard one!
I listen to a lot of people, but a whole album? Let's
do...gotta say Beyonce.
So I'm bringing it all the way back to maybe Dangerously in
Love. I can listen to that...that whole album.
Tony Kaizen:
I see.
Kascha:
Right, right, right. Classic. Classic. Um, who else? Drake,
Take Care. Um, who else?
Let's see one more...an album...Throw out a name.
Throw out a name. Um...
Tony Kaizen:
A name? Kendrick. Kirk Franklin.
Adele...
Kascha:
Oh, Kirk. What album was that? If we wanna bring in gospel,
the album with melodies of...Melodies from Heaven.
Tony Kaizen:
Oh yeah, I'm not sure what you're talking about...
Kascha:
That's old, too. I listen to a lot of, like, old stuff, like
old CDs. Nothing really new.
Tony Kaizen:
I got you. But that's good, though.
Kascha:
Those would be my three.
Tony Kaizen:
Nice choice. Okay, so what are three things that you can't
live without?
Kascha:
Music. Even if I could barely name three albums. I listen to
a lot of music, so I'll say music. Um, I love working out.
Um, my puppies.
I have two dogs so...
Tony Kaizen:
What kind of dogs?
Kascha:
One is Chihuahua and Pekingese. And then the other one, I
just adopted. He's so cute. I just named him Milo. I've only
had him for, like, two weeks, um so I don't know what he is,
though. They didn't really tell me, but I think he's like
Chihuahua and Terrier. But I'm not too sure.
Tony Kaizen:
You adopted him from, like, a shelter or something?
Kascha:
Mm-hmm. So, Fulton County, I don't know if you guys live
here in Atlanta, but they're in need of people to adopt the
dogs. They had like five dogs in each cage, um but it's gone
down to like two or three per cage. But if you need a dog,
please go adopt...
Tony Kaizen:
Nice!
Kascha:
Because yeah, they need homes.
Tony Kaizen:
Okay, well, next question is, if all jobs and professions
paid the same amount of money and you could do any of them,
which one would you do?
Kascha:
Oh, to be honest with you, I would love to just give back to
people. Like if I can get paid to just give back or have
like a non-profit where you actually get paid for it, I
would do that because that's really all I want to do is just
give back and help people.
Tony Kaizen:
Now, when you think of giving, what do you mean? Like, is it
time or possessions, money? What's your favorite way to
give?
Kascha:
Um, I would say money.
I would also say, um, possessions as well.
And it could be like food...like food, clothing. If I could
give shelting...I mean shelter to the homeless, um, I would
do that, um...cos a lot of times, like, you know, how people
like have extra clothes and like things like that, like I'll
literally, like pull over and be like, "You need something?"
I'll have like a trunk full of stuff.
Tony Kaizen:
Hmm.
Kascha:
I know, my friends would be like, "What are you doing just
letting 'em in your trunk?" But yeah, yeah.
Tony Kaizen:
Interesting.
Kascha:
I know, right?
Tony Kaizen:
Where does...where does that desire to just give come from?
Has it always been like that since you were a kid or was
that instilled in you by someone?
Kascha:
Hmm...I honestly feel like we can't...there's things in life
that will happen to us that we can't control sometimes, and
I feel like we should still treat everybody, you know, the
same, with love. Um, so I feel like I've kind of always been
this way. Um, I don't think anything, like, really happened
for me to feel this way. But yeah, I just like giving back
to people...
Tony Kaizen:
Hmm, what about your parents...
Kascha:
...yeah I want people to be happy.
Tony Kaizen:
...your parents, are they the same way?
Kascha:
Yes, my mom. My mom is very, very giving. Like she'll give
you the shirt off her back. Um, if there wasn't so much
crime, we would actually allow people to, like, stay with us
and do things like that. But, you know, some people, you
know, you just don't know. So...
Tony Kaizen:
Yeah, especially these days, right?
Kascha:
Yeah. It can be crazy.
Tony Kaizen:
And speaking of that, have you ever found yourself in a
situation where you were giving just out of the goodness of
your heart and people end up trying to take advantage of
that?
Kascha:
Oh, that's a good one.
I'm not gonna tell a story. But I will say people that are
closer to me or friends where you kind of give or let them
have things, but they don't really reciprocate...reciprocate
it. And I had to learn that people know what they're doing.
Like sometimes they're like, "Oh," Well, I used to give
people the benefit of the doubt, like, "No, she wouldn't do
that." or "No, she's not just trying to take from me," but
there are people that do do that and that will just keep
taking, taking, and taking, and not giving. Or when they
borrow money from you and you want that, you know, you're
just like, "Okay, when you gonna pay me back?" And they're
like, "I'll get to it, I'll get to it." But then when you
borrow money from them or need something, it's like, "Okay,
where's my money?"
Tony Kaizen:
I need mine right now.
Kascha:
Yeah, exactly. I'm like, "Oh, my goodness." Like, what? So
yeah, it could be tricky sometimes.
Tony Kaizen:
But how do you react in those situations? Because at least
in my mind, if you're giving, at least the right way to
give, it's like you don't really expect anything in return.
You're just doing it because you want to. So when people try
to take advantage of your willingness to give, how does that
make you feel?
Kascha:
Honestly, it makes me feel...it still makes me feel taken
advantage of. It just depends. I feel like you learn people.
So although I'm not wanting anything in return, it's still
like...or that's something ungrateful, I'll say.
Tony Kaizen:
Exactly.
Kascha:
It's more like an ungrateful thing.
Tony Kaizen:
Yeah.
Kascha:
So I think gratitude kind of goes a long way for me. There's
some people that may not care but me, I'm like, "Okay, a
thank you would be nice."
Tony Kaizen:
Right, knowing that they're appreciating what you're
doing...
Kascha:
Yeah. Just knowing that you appreciate it, because if you
don't appreciate it, then I don't have to do it. You know? I
can help someone else that does appreciate it.